1. Please group the following values into 1 of 3 categories; most important, important, least important

2. Please rank the most important values (Chatbot could select top 5 to discuss)

OMIT FOR NOW
3a. Please describe your strengths.
3b. Please describe your weaknesses.

4. Determine how user spends their time:
    1. For a given week, what do you spend time doing? If possible please assign a percentage to each activity. For this I’d like you to think of individual activities rather than a general ideas. For example, do you spend your time working out, playing video games, spending time with friends, working on personal projects, etc.

Response: Something like, “Oh cool! I like to workout too! I really like doing leg lifts. I mean its pretty easy for me since you know, im a computer and don’t actually have legs but still! :)
(Choose one of thiers and relate to them about it)

    2. Now looking more big picture, in the past year, what have you spent your time doing? Again if possible assign a percentage of how significant each has been in regards to how you’ve spent your time. For this, I’d really like you to think more generally. For example you could be interested in improving your fitness, learning a new skill, developing relationships, developing your career, focusing on education, etc.

-> Maybe if they say they don’t really have any big picture goals, ask them why that is, what they are passionate about.

    3. Ok so say you were given a year to do whatever you wanted, what would you do? For me I’ve always wanted to travel to exotic places and experience nature. You know, cut down on my screen time lol
  
  Thank you this has given me a better sense of who you are. I'd now like to ask you more about some of your values.

5. For each value (top 5 important ones or the one chosen)
So you listed X as one of your top 5 values.
    1. Why did you pick this as one of your most important values? How did it become one of your core values?
  
    2. How would you say you express this value in your life?

Do you have any goals surrounding this value?
 If yes:
    1. Please describe them for me and why you want to reach them.

    2. Are you in the progress of achieving this goal? 
    
    3. If not, what causes the stagnation? What is the result of it? 
  
    4. What is preventing you from reaching this goal?
  
    5. Do you think that the activities we talked about help you achieve your goal? 
    6. Which particular activities? 
    7. Are there any that you feel are hindering progress towards your goal

  If no:
    1. Can you describe an event when you feel you embodied this value or the value had a large impact on influencing the event? 
    2. How long ago was this? Do events such as this happen often?
    3. How did that make you feel?
  
    4. How well do you feel your actions and how you spend your time reflect this value?
        
    5. How would you like to be spending your time differently to better reflect this value? 
    6. Why isn't this the case?
    7. Were there any events that you felt negatively because you didn't prioritize this value?
    8. What prevented you from prioritizing this value?
    9. How would you have done to change the outcome of the event?
    10. How did that make you feel?
  
Deternmining a plan
Based on your responses I feel that you would like to change how you spend your time to better reflect the value of X. So:
    1. What sort of plan do you think you could create to begin on the path to this change?
    2. Do you think that you will be able to follow through with this plan
    3. Here is some information to support you in enacting this plan. (Not sure if this is feasible but it would be cool.)
OR
Based on your responses I feel that you wouldn’t like to change how you spend your time to better reflect the value of X. 
    1. Why do you think that is? Is it because you already feel that you are representing the value well or is it that you don’t feel strongly enough to enact change?

  
  
Quantifying questions for quality of the tool:
  a) On of scale of 1-10, how...
    1) useful?
    2) relevent?
    3) well do you intent to make changes?
    4) much are you motivated?
    5) close is this to what you need?
