Why we chose these values: we selected a target group - in this case, students - and we selected the values that the members of this group would generally find important.
This does not mean all students find these values important, the importance of each fundamental value differs based on how the person feels about it. 

1. Achievement
2. Family
3. Fun/Adventure
4. Physical Health
5. Mindfulness/ Mental Health
6. Independence
7. Purpose
8. Self-esteem
9. Wealth
10. Friendship
11. Virtue / Morality
12. Romance
13. Responsibility
14. Knowledge
15. Acceptance

GroupA: 4, 5, 8, 15   -self
GroupB: 1, 3, 6, 13, 14, 9, 7, 11 
GroupC: 2, 10, 12 -relationship


1. Please group the following values into 1 of 3 categories; most important, important, least important

2. Please rank the most important values (Chatbot could select top 5 to discuss)

3a. Please describe your strengths.
3b. Please describe your weaknesses.

4. Determine how the user spends their time: 
  a) For a given week, what do you spend time doing? If possible please assign a percentage to each activity. 
  For this I’d like you to think of individual activities rather than a general ideas. For example, do you spend your time working out, 
  playing video games, spending time with friends, working on personal projects, etc.
  
  Response: Something like, “Oh cool! I like to workout too! I really like doing leg lifts. 
  I mean its pretty easy for me since you know, im a computer and don’t actually have legs but still! :) 
  (Choose one of thiers and relate to them about it)
  
  b) Now looking more big picture, in the past year, what have you spent your time doing? 
  Again if possible assign a percentage of how significant each has been in regards to how you’ve spent your time. 
  For this, I’d really like you to think more generally. 
  For example you could be interested in improving your fitness, learning a new skill, developing relationships, 
  developing your career, focusing on education, etc.
  
  -> Maybe if they say they don’t really have any big picture goals, ask them why that is, what they are passionate about.
  
  c) Ok so say you were given a year to do whatever you wanted, what would you do? 
  For me I’ve always wanted to travel to exotic places and experience nature. You know, cut down on my screen time lol
  
  
/*------------OMIT THIS SECTION (VERY SIMILAR TO LATER QUESTIONS)------------------
4.5 Do you have an important value previously chosen you would like to improve on?
-Yes
A: What would you do to make you feel better about yourself?
B: What would you do to make an improvement on your chosen value?
C: How would you improve the relationship you think is important?
-No, Go 5
---------------------------------------------------------------*/

Thank you this has given me a better sense of who you are. I'd now like to ask you more about some of your values.

5. For each value (top 3 important ones or the one chosen)
  a) Why did you pick this as one of your most important values? 
  b) How did it become one of your core values?
  c) How would you say you express this value in your life? (B)
  
  SPLIT INTO PLAN ORIENTED OR GOAL ORIENTED QUESTIONS HERE
  (i.e. do they already have a goal so we should focus on defining a plan or should we focus on helping them define a goal)
  Do you have any goals surrounding this value?
  
  IF YES:
    1. Please describe them for me.
    2. Why do you want to reach them?
    3. Are you in the progress of achieving this goal? 
         - If yes, good job!
         - If not, a) What do you feel is causing this stagnation? What is preventing you from reaching this goal?
    4. Do you think that any of the activities we talked about are helping you achieve your goal? 
    5. Which particular activities? 
    6. Are there any that you feel are hindering progress towards your goal?
    
  IF NO:
    1. Can you describe an event when you feel you embodied this value or the value had a large impact on positively influencing the event? (A, B)
    2. How long ago was this?
    3. Do events such as this happen often in your life?
    4. How well do you feel your actions and how you spend your time reflect this value?
        If positive: GOOD KEEP IT UP!
        If negative:
            a. How would you like to be spending your time differently to better reflect this value?
            b. Why isn't this the case?
    5. Describe an event where you felt negatively because you didn't prioritize this value?
    6. What prevented you from prioritizing this value?
    7. What would you have done to change the outcome of the event if you were to relive it?
    8. Can you come up with a short-term/ long-term goal?

       
 DETERMINING A PLAN
  
  Based on your responses I feel that you would like to change how you spend your time to better reflect the value of X.  
  1. What sort of plan do you think you could create to begin on the path to this change? 
  2. Do you think that you will be able to follow through with this plan
      If Not: 
        a) what is keeping you from being able to follow through?
        b) Is there some way to work around this issue? How might you do that?
  3. Here is some information to support you in enacting this plan. (Not sure if this is feasible but it would be cool.)
 
  OR 
  
  Based on your responses I feel that you wouldn’t like to change how you spend your time to better reflect the value of X.
  1. Why do you think that is? Is it because you already feel that you are representing the value well or is it that you don’t feel strongly enough to enact change?
  
  Move onto next value
  
  Quantifying questions for the quality of the tool:
  a) On of scale of 1-10, how well do you think reflection Chatbot understands your inputs?/ Do you think reflection Chatbot understands your inputs?
  b) On of scale of 1-10, how much are you motivated to make a change to your life?/ Are you motivated to make a change to your life?  
  c) On of scale of 1-10, how comfortable for you to answer questions the Chatbot asks?/ Are you comfortable to answer questions the Chatbot asks?  d) On of scale of 1-10, how well the Chatbot help you find out whether or not your actions and your important values align? 
  e) On of scale of 1-10, what will be the chance for you to recommend this Chatbot to your family or friends? / Do you want to recommand this chatbot to your friends or familiy?
  f) On of scale of 1-10, how well the Chatbot help you to come up with a new goal to make improvements?/ Does the Chatbot help you to come up with a new goal to make improvements?  
  g) On of scale of 1-10, how relevant are the follow-up questions Chatbot asks?/ Are the follow-up questions the chatbot ask relevant?
  h) On scale of 1-10, how much do you think reflection chatbot can have positive impact on users?/ Do you think the refelction chatbot will have a positive impact on users?

  Please give us feedback on your experience or the usability of this tool. 
