1. Please group the following values into 1 of 3 categories; most important, important, least important

2. Please rank the most important values (Chatbot could select top 5 to discuss)

3. Please describe your strengths and weaknesses (5 of each?)

4. Determine how user spends their time:
  a) For a given week, what do you spend time doing? If possible please assign a percentage to each activity.
  b) Now looking more big picture, in the past year, what have you spent your time doing?
  c) Say you were given a year to do whatever you wanted, what would you do?
  Thank you this has given me a better sense of who you are. I'd now like to ask you more about some of your values.

5. For each value (top 5 important ones)
  a) Why did you pick this as one of your most important values? How did it become one of your core values?
  
  b) How would you say you express this value in your life?
  
  C) Can you describe an event when you feel you embodied this value or the value had a large impact on influencing the event? How long ago was this? Do events such as this happen often?
  
  d) How well do you feel your actions and how you spend your time reflect this value?
  
  e) Do you have any goals surrounding this value? Please describe why you want to reach them.
     1) Are you in the progress of achieving this goal? 
         - If not, what causes the stagnation? What is the result of it? 
  
  f) What is preventing you from reaching this goal?
  
  g) Do you think that the activities help you achieve your goal? 
     1) Which particular activities? 
  
  h) How would you like to be spending your time differently to better reflect this value? 
     1) Why isn't this the case?
  
  i) What sort of plan do you think you could create to begin on the path to this change?
  
  j) Were there any events that embarrased you or you feel ashamed of because you didn't prioritize this value? How would you have liked to have acted/things to have turned out?
  
  k) What prevented you from prioritizing this value?
  
Quantifying questions for quality of the tool:
  a) On of scale of 1-10, how...
    1) useful?
    2) relevent?
    3) well do you intent to make changes?
    4) much are you motivated?
    5) close is this to what you need?
